Midoriya, morning!
You're going to your work study today, too?
What a coincidence!
They haven't called me in for a while,
so it's like I'm finally going in again.
I was told we didn't
need our costumes, though...
Oh?
Morning!
You two going in today?
Yeah.
What a coincidence. We are, too.
Oh, are you going to the station?
If you want, we can accompany you.
Oh, if that's all right with you!
Thank you!
There are a lot of heroes.
Huh? We're all going the same way?
Kirishima, aren't you in Kansai...?
Well, we're meeting in a place
that's different from usual.
We are, too.
Everyone's on the same train...
Going to the same station?!
"Tsuyu Asui" "Ochaco Uraraka"
"Eijiro Kirishima" "Izuku Midoriya"
That is a coincidence.
Going in the same direction, too.
Even turning at the same corner.
"Tamaki Amajiki - Quirk: Manifest"
"Nejire Hado - Quirk: Surge"
"Mirio Togata - Quirk: Permeation"
Oh!
Oh.
The Big Three are all here, too.
This...
Wh-What is this?
"Pro Hero - Gran Torino - Quirk: Jet"
Gran Torino?!
And Mr. Aizawa?!
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Dragoon Hero: Ryukyu, BMI Hero: Fat Gum,
Rock Lock, Kesagiri Man, and Mr. Brave.
There are so many heroes gathered,
from famous heroes from the charts
to minor local heroes...
It's amazing...
Just what in the world is about to start...?
Hey, hey, what's this? What're we gonna do?
Hey, Ryukyu, you said it was a meeting,
I know, but what about?
You'll find out soon enough.
Mr. Aizawa!
Mr. Aizawa, why are you here?
I was called out suddenly.
I also heard roughly what's going on.
Girls, I told you before, didn't I?
Even if you're still students,
now that you're here for a work study,
you're a legitimate part of our forces!
You two seem like you'll be able
to play an active role in that matter.
"That matter"?
Nighteye, let's get started.
"Pro Hero - Sir Nighteye - Quirk: Foresight"
Thanks to the information
we received from you all,
the investigation has
moved forward substantially.
We will now have a conference
to share what information we have acquired
regarding what the small organization,
Shie Hassaikai, is planning.
I'm completely in the dark about this...
"Hassai"? What's that?
They might be thinkin'
of doin' somethin' bad,
so this is a time for us
to discuss it together.
You two are also very much involved.
"An Unpleasant Talk"
Well then, let us begin.
"Nighteye Agency Sidekick: Bubble Girl"
Those of us from Nighteye Agency have
been conducting an independent investigation
into the designated villain group known
as the Shie Hassaikai for about two weeks.
What prompted this?
An accident involving a gang
of thieves called the Reservoir Dogs.
I heard about that.
The police wrote it off as an accident,
but there were a number
of points that didn't make sense,
so we began tailing them.
"Nighteye Agency Sidekick: Centipeder"
I, Centipeder, conducted
a follow-up investigation.
In my investigation,
I found that, in the past year,
the members of Shie Hassaikai
have increased contact with
those outside of their organization
and other groups involved
with shady businesses,
moving with the aim of expanding their
organization and increasing their funds.
And soon after beginning the investigation,
he was in contact with a member
of the League of Villains,
Jin Bubaigawara, villain name: Twice.
They were wary of being tailed,
and I was unable to follow them,
but with the help of the police,
I was able to confirm
that an altercation had occurred
between the two organizations.
Since the League was involved,
they also reached out to Tsukauchi and me.
Where is Tsukauchi?
There were other eyewitness reports
to look into, so he went to check them out.
Kid, I didn't think it
would end up like this.
I'm afraid I've pulled you
into something troublesome.
I don't think of it as troublesome!
You know him?
Oh, yes. He took care of me
during my internship...
It's the old man with All Might in Kamino!
Midoriya knows some amazing people!
Please continue.
So after all this happened,
we put out a request for help on the HN--
You can skip that part.
Right!
"HN"?
Hero Network.
It's an online service only those
with pro licenses can access.
You can see reports of what all
the heroes in the country are working on
and request help from
heroes with helpful Quirks!
Even if they're from U.A.,
why are there kids here?
We'll never get anywhere with them here.
The sun'll set before we
get to the actual plan.
Don't say that!
"startled"  "startled"
These two have super important information!
Us...?
I can't take this...
Anyway, I think I'm meetin' a lot of you
for the first time, so I'm Fat Gum!
Nice to meet you!
He's so round and cute...!
Oh, here's some candy!
We suspect one of the Hassaikai's
main sources of income is unauthorized drugs.
So I requested help from heroes
who are well-versed in those matters.
Oh yeah, Fat did say something like that.
I crushed tons of guys
like that back in the day!
And then, at Red Riot's
debut fight the other day...!
A type I'd never seen
before was shot into Tamaki.
A drug that destroys Quirks.
Destroys Quirks?
What?! Tamaki, you're okay, right?
Yeah, I recovered after I slept.
Look at this cow hoof.
So you had beef bowl for breakfast?
I feel better knowing
that you can recover from it.
So it's not gone for good?
No. We will hear from
Eraser Head on the matter.
It seems to be a little
different from my Erasure
since I don't attack the
Quirk itself directly.
"*This is just an illustration."
The Quirk is an extra part with a special
function added to a basic human body.
Those "extra parts" are
lumped together as Quirk genes.
I only stop those genes temporarily,
but I cannot directly inflict damage on them.
Right after Tamaki was shot,
we had the hospital take a look at him,
and his Quirk genes were damaged.
Thankfully, they healed on their own,
and he's now back to normal, though.
What about the analysis
on what was shot into him?
There was nothin' wrong
with the rest of his body.
It was only his Quirk
that received any damage.
The guy who shot him
isn't sayin' anythin' either!
The gun's in pieces, and the only bullet
we had was the one that'd been shot!
But thanks to Kirishima's brave actions
that led to one bouncin' off his body,
we were able to get
one still filled with the drug!
Me? That surprised me!
It came out of the blue!
This is so hard to follow,
I don't really get it.
Good job, Kirishima!
So cool!
Hardening, right? I know about that!
It was the perfect match-up!
And after analyzin' the contents,
we discovered somethin' that made me sick.
Human blood and cells were inside!
Human... blood...
What...?
It's like we're talking
about a different world...
In other words,
that effect came from a person...
someone's Quirk?
A Quirk that destroys Quirks...
Hmm... I'm not really
sure I'm following this.
How is this related to the Hassaikai?
The man Kirishima captured,
and the illegal drug that guy used!
The distribution channels
for things like that are complex.
It's gotten a lot smaller these days,
but various people and
organizations sell them wholesale
until they finally reach the end user.
There's no proof that the
Hassaikai handled the goods,
but they did interact
with one of the intermediaries.
That's it?
The other day, when Ryukyu's team
broke up a fight between two villain groups,
controlling one of the groups was
the intermediary dealer organization.
One of the two that turned giant
had been given an inferior drug
that didn't last very long.
There have been a rash of
gang-related crimes recently,
and most could be connected to
the Hassaikai if you tried hard enough.
It sounds like you're trying really hard
to make the Hassaikai guilty.
Don't you have something that
implicates them more obviously?
The young head, Chisaki's Quirk is Overhaul.
His power lets him disassemble
and restore things.
Disassemble... A Quirk that lets him
break things and then fix them.
And a bullet that can break down Quirks.
D... Don't go...
Chisaki has a daughter named Eri.
There are no records or
details about her birth,
but when Mirio and Midoriya encountered her,
she had a large number of bandages
wrapped around her arms and legs.
Don't tell me something so horrific...
It's a society of superhumans.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
What?
What are you talking about?
Are you sure we need the kids?
I'll only say this once.
We're wondering if this Chisaki bastard
is turning his daughter's body
into bullets and selling them.
N...
No way...
We don't know if he's
actually selling the bullets.
At their current stage,
their efficacy is still too uncertain.
However, if they're at the test stage,
and he's using them as samples
to gather more to his cause...
There is no hard evidence.
But he's gathering people
and funds across the nation...
If the completed drug would be able
to completely destroy someone's Quirk...?
I'm sure they'll have many
ideas for crimes using this.
Just imaginin' it makes my blood boil!
Let's go find him right now!
Wouldn't this have been resolved already
if those two had just taken the child?
I take full responsibility for what happened.
Please do not blame them.
Even though they didn't know the full story,
they acted to save the girl.
Midoriya was willing to
bear the risk of taking her then,
but Mirio thought ahead and acted
to try again when the odds were better.
Some "greatest hero" I am...!
Lemillion to save a million? Ha.
The ones most frustrated here
right now are these two.
We will definitely take Eri next time...
...and protect her!
That's right. That is our goal.
"Sir Nighteye"
"Quirk: Foresight"
"He can 'see' what his target will do for one hour."
"Affiliation: Pro Hero"
"Birthday: 1/2"
"Height: 200 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: All Might"
"Mirio Togata"
"Quirk: Permeation"
"His body can pass through anything. When he uses it, even his breaths pass through him."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Course 3rd Year"
"Birthday: 7/15"
"Height: 181 cm" "Blood Type: AB" "Likes: Ramen, Comedy"
We will definitely take Eri next time...
...and protect her!
We will save her!
We definitely will!
It's fine for the kids to show off,
but if it's what we think,
that girl's the crux the
young head will want to hide, right?
She got out because of some kind of trouble.
On top of that, some kid heroes saw her!
You think he'll just keep her at home?
I wouldn't if I were him.
Even if we push our way in,
it won't matter if she's not there.
Have you already identified where she is?
He's right. How about it, Nighteye?
That is the real issue.
Since we don't know how
far their plans have gotten,
we have one chance to strike when it counts.
To that end, we have found groups
with connections to the Hassaikai
or land owned by the Hassaikai
and made as thorough a list as possible.
I would like you all to
investigate each place
and narrow the list down
to possible locations.
So that's why you asked minor heroes like us.
What do you mean?
Look.
The heroes here and the localities
where they work are the same!
Heroes were chosen who know the areas.
For someone who was All Might's
former sidekick, you sure are careful.
This is too roundabout!
While we're takin' our time,
that little girl, Eri, is probably cryin'!
We cannot become All Might.
That's why we must put together
our analysis and predictions
and try to make the possibility of
saving her as close to 100% as we can.
We can't rush.
If we make a big fuss about this
and then don't get her,
this could be the kindling
for something bigger.
Like how Stain's capture
became like an ad for the League.
In fact, that might've been
the intent behind distributing
Quirk-destroying weapons to those hoodlums.
You're thinkin' too much!
If you keep sayin' stuff like that,
you won't be able to do anythin'!
Um...
Can I ask a question?
I don't know how your Quirk
works exactly, Sir Nighteye,
but if you can predict the future,
then why don't you just use
Foresight to see our futures?
If we continue like this,
it seems a bit illogical.
I... cannot do that.
My Foresight requires a
24-hour interval between activations.
In other words, I can only use it
on one person for one hour each day.
In addition, it's played
in my mind like a flashback.
Please think of it as the ability
to watch a film of someone else's life
for an hour after activation.
However, that film is all from
the perspective of that person.
All I can see is that person's actions
and a little of their surroundings.
Well, that should be enough
to let you find out a lot, though.
What do you mean by saying you can't do that?
What if in that person's
near future, death...
...just a merciless death was waiting?
Nighteye... because of
what happened with All Might...
If you continue like this,
you'll face off against a villain
and die an unspeakably gruesome death!
My Quirk should be used only
after we have already drawn out
the highest probability of success,
when it can be used to ensure our victory.
It shouldn't be used haphazardly
when there are still so many uncertainties.
What?! But death is information, too!
We could put together a plan to avoid it!
It isn't the same as fortunetelling.
I have no conclusive evidence
that it can be avoided.
Nighteye, I don't get it!
Fine, use it on me!
I'll show you I can avoid it!
No.
Nighteye...
Anyway, let's do this.
There's a girl in trouble.
That's the most important thing.
Confirm the girl's whereabouts,
and take her into our protection
with the most accurate information
we can get as quickly as possible.
I'm counting on all of your help.
If only I had taken her back then,
even if I had to do it by force,
right now, Eri would be...
I see, something like that happened...
I-It's so frustrating.
Deku...
It's the first time I've
seen Mirio so down...
We're wondering if this Chisaki bastard
is turning his daughter's body
into bullets and selling them.
Eri...
Is this a wake or something?
Ribbit! Mr. Aizawa.
Oh, call me Eraser Head outside of school.
But man, I was going to recommend that
your work studies be suspended today...
What?!
Why, after all this time?
You heard them say the League
of Villains could be involved, right?
That changes things.
We will definitely take Eri next time...
...and protect her!
But you know, Midoriya,
you still haven't regained my trust.
I would be grateful if you could follow
the proper procedures and act properly
in order to regain that trust.
Unfortunately,
I'm sure that if I stop you now,
you'll rush out again on your own.
I'll watch you.
If you're going to do this,
do this properly, Midoriya.
Got that, problem child?
Mirio, please lift your face.
Hey, I know about this.
Hey, Togata, even if you regret something
and get depressed, nothing will change.
Did you know that?
Yeah...
I'll say this to give you some peace of mind.
The hand you missed grabbing onto
did not necessarily mean despair for Eri.
Face forward.
Yes, sir!
Mr. Aizawa...!
I'm Eraser here.
I will follow you for the
rest of my life, Eraser Head!
That's too long.
Sorry!
Kirishima, you're too loud.
Mirio...
I know.
Midoriya, next time, we'll
definitely save her!
Yes, definitely!
Is that how it was?
I see, so you sent Midoriya
to help All Might and me make up...
Well, I thought it could give you a chance.
When you get old, you think
about a lot of useless stuff.
So, how is he?
What do you think of Izuku Midoriya?
I think they're very similar...
To the madness living deep inside
All Might that I couldn't understand...
...he's very similar.
Eri...
It's okay, I'm just checking
to see if you're here.
You haven't touched your toys at all.
And I bought all these for you, too.
You can let your guard down a little.
If you don't, then I'll be
the one killed next time, brat...
I'm not scary, see?
Is there anything you want?
It's fine, it's fine.
If I'm in the way, then I'll leave. See?
You're going to be her next caretaker.
Don't let her feel like running away.
Use the carrot, not the stick.
Become someone Eri feels like she can trust.
Even if he says that,
I don't understand what kids like.
Maybe Glitter-something-or-other...?
It was different.
Completely different.
Up until now, no one had ever
touched me like that before...
Sorry, that must've hurt.
Can you stand? Are you okay?
For such a small child to be trembling
like this without making a sound...
What are you doing to this girl?
His hands... were kind...
So kind...
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
While Sir Nighteye and the other
pro heroes are determining Eri's location,
us work study students
were ordered to stand by.
There's chaos in my mind.Â
The future awaiting All Might.
Nighteye's words. Eri's safety.
And then, the day to carry out
the plan finally comes...
Next time, "GO!!"
Eri, I'll definitely save you this time!
"Next time"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!